Update from auto-update/renku-ui-3.12.2 (#3252)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.36.3
------

Renku ``0.36.3`` is a bug-fix release that solves a few issues with creating new
projects and datasets.

User-Facing Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**🐞 Bug Fixes**

- **UI**: fix render loops in creating new projects; they were occasionally creating
  problems based on the specific fields filled in by the user.
  (`#2788 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2788>`_).
- **UI**: restore adding files to datasets on an outdated but supported metadata version
  (`#2788 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2788>`_).

> - **UI**: do not error on dataset thumbnails point ot an external URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **UI**: do not error on dataset thumbnails pointing to an external URL
```
